Add ASP.NET example using the .NET SDK (#52)
secrethub/examples: application/aspnet/sdk-example/README.md

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://secrethub.io/img/integrations/aspnet/github-banner.png?v1" alt="ASP.NET + SecretHub" height="230">
</p>
<br/>

> This example aims to display the use of the native .NET SecretHub integration.  Following the below steps will result in an welcome message on http://localhost:5000. If any error shall occur, you will receive an appropriate descriptive message at the same address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates the use of the [native SecretHub .NET integration](https://github.com/secrethub/secrethub-dotnet) in an ASP.NET application.
Following the steps below will result in an welcome message on http://localhost:5000.
If any error occurs, you will receive a descriptive error message in the console.
```

Reviewer: I'm also not sure about calling it "the native SecretHub .NET integration". Maybe calling it "the SecretHub .NET client" would be better...

What do you think, @florisvdg?

Reviewer 2: We called it .NET SDK in the guide.

Author: Would you liked it changed from "native .NET SecretHub integration" to ".NET SDK"?

> In contrast with the CLI example, the SDK example requires less interaction with environment variables, as it is a native integration for C#. Following the below steps will result in an welcome message on http://localhost:5000. If any error shall occur, you will receive an appropriate descriptive message at the same address.

Author: A good one though, I think that this wording kind of suggests the superiority of this approach, which is not at all what we want. I'm modifying it now.

> In contrast with the CLI example, the SDK example requires less interaction with environment variables, as it is a native integration for C#. Following the below steps will result in an welcome message on http://localhost:5000. If any error shall occur, you will receive an appropriate descriptive message at the same address.

Author: Let me know if you like this better.

> In contrast with the CLI example, the SDK example requires less interaction with environment variables, as it is a native integration for C#. Following the below steps will result in an welcome message on http://localhost:5000. If any error shall occur, you will receive an appropriate descriptive message at the same address.

Author: Let me know if you like the present wording better.

## Prerequisites
1. [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/install/) installed and running
1. [SecretHub](https://secrethub.io/docs/start/getting-started/#install) installed
1. A SecretHub repo that contains a `username` and `password` secret. To create it, run `secrethub demo init`.

## Running the example

Set the SecretHub username in an environment variable
```
export SECRETHUB_USERNAME=<your-username>
```

Create a service account for the demo repo
```
secrethub service init --description demo_service \
--permission read --file demo_service.cred ${SECRETHUB_USERNAME}/demo
```

Build the ASP.NET docker demo
```
docker build . -t aspnet-secrethub-demo
```

Run the docker demo, passing the newly created service credential and your username as environment variables.
```

> docker run -e SECRETHUB_CREDENTIAL=$(cat $HOME/.secrethub/credential) -e \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker run -e SECRETHUB_CREDENTIAL=$(cat demo_service.cred) -e \
```

We should use the service credential to demonstrate how to do it.

Make sure you try test the guide again after this change to ensure that it still works.

Author: Indeed, it does work, I just miscopied the command, but it is already tested. Nice spot!

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://secrethub.io/img/integrations/aspnet/github-banner.png?v1" alt="ASP.NET + SecretHub" height="230">
</p>
<br/>

This example demonstrates the use of the [native SecretHub .NET integration](https://github.com/secrethub/secrethub-dotnet) in an ASP.NET application.
Following the steps below will result in an welcome message on http://localhost:5000.
If any error occurs, you will receive a descriptive error message in the console.

## Prerequisites
1. [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/install/) installed and running
1. [SecretHub](https://secrethub.io/docs/start/getting-started/#install) installed
1. A SecretHub repo that contains a `username` and `password` secret. To create it, run `secrethub demo init`.

## Running the example

Set the SecretHub username in an environment variable
```
export SECRETHUB_USERNAME=<your-username>
```

Create a service account for the demo repo
```
secrethub service init --description demo_service \
--permission read --file demo_service.cred ${SECRETHUB_USERNAME}/demo
```

Build the ASP.NET docker demo
```
docker build . -t aspnet-secrethub-demo
```

> Run the docker demo, passing the newly created service credential and your username as environment variables.

Reviewer: We should either end all of these sentences with a `.` or none of them (for consistency).

Author: Done! :)
